A 17-year-old girl allegedly killed her mother after she objected to the girl’s relationship with her lover, who had earlier kidnapped and raped her, in Madhya Pradesh’s Gwalior.
The girl and boyfriend first strangled the victim and then stabbed her multiple times with a knife.
The incident came to light after the Hazira police in Gwalior received a call from the landlord. When a police team reached the spot, they found the woman’s body under the bed. Reportedly, the girl and her lover stayed with the body throughout the night.
The deceased, Mamta Kushwaha, originally a resident of Bhind, lived with her 17-year-old daughter in a rented room.
The woman had objections to her daughter’s relationship, because the man she was with had earlier kidnapped and raped her in Bhind, Madhya Pradesh. He was released from the jail last month.
After his release, he contacted the minor girl. They started talking and got into a relationship. The girl allegedly wanted to live with him and the mother refused her to do so. Furious over this, the girl hatched a plan to kill her mother with the help of her lover.
The police have arrested both the accused. During interrogation, the girl confessed to her crime. Further investigation is underway.

A 22-year-old man was arrested for allegedly killing his wife and his childhood friend over suspicion of infidelity near Delhi’s Safdarjung hospital. The accused was identified as Gandharv alias Sunny.
"On December 30, an intimation was received that a 30-year-old woman and a man, both gravely injured, are lying in a pool of blood on the footpath near gate number two of Safdarjung Hospital on Aurobindo Marg. Both of them were rushed to Safdarjung Hospital. The 30-year-old woman had a sharp injury on the face and the man, namely Sagar, had severe injuries," Delhi Police said.
Both of them succumbed to their injuries during treatment.
Accordingly, a case under sections 307 and 302 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) was registered at Safdarjung Enclave Police Station, New Delhi and an investigation was taken up.
"Five police teams were constituted to arrest the accused," police said.
During the investigation, it was found that the 30-year-old woman got married to Sunny one-and-a-half years ago. After their marriage, they started living together in Noida and worked in a hospital. While working, she came in contact with a childhood friend of Sunny and developed a relationship with him. Sunny's friend was identified as Sagar.
Several teams conducted raids on the possible hideout of the    accused at Noida, Gokulpuri, Kusumpur Pahari, Karkardooma and other adjoining areas and succeeded in apprehending him.
During interrogation, the accused Sunny told police that he got married to the woman. Sagar was his childhood friend and resided in the same locality and developed a friendship with his wife for the last 15 days and was living with her.
"He warned Sagar two-three times to get himself away from her," police said, adding that the accused confessed that he had stabbed both of them with a knife, leading to their death.


Panic gripped the residents after the body of a 35-year-old man was found stuffed inside a gunny bag inside a locked room in Uttarakhand's Dehradun.
The deceased has been identified as Ashraf, who used to live in a rented room on Mohini road, Dalanwala Kotwali area.
The landlord broke the lock of the room due to a foul smell and found the body inside, following which police were informed.
Upon receiving information, police along with SP City reached the spot and launched an investigation.
According to SP City Sarita Doval, injury marks were visible on the head. While the body has been sent for post-mortem, police are interrogating the landlord and other acquaintances.


 Gurugram Police arrested five people for allegedly robbing Rs 24 lakh from a collection agent of a company as two of the accused wanted money for the treatment of their mother and wife.
The accused, identified as Ankur, had chalked out the robbery along with his brother Ujjwal and was later aided by three other accused, Chandra Bhanu Pratap, Vineet and Praveen.
On December 26, two men, on a bike, were heading to a company to deposit the sum when the accused overtook them on their two-wheeler, blocked their bike, and thrashed their heads with stones before snatching the bag and fleeing the spot.
Police have arrested all the accused under the relevant sections of the law and have recovered around Rs 15 lakh. Further investigation is underway to recover the remaining amount. The police also seized the bike used by the accused to execute the plan.


A man allegedly tricked a woman in Punjab’s Amritsar into paying Rs 10 lakh after befriending her on Facebook.
The accused, who introduced himself as a UK citizen, became Manpreet Kaur’s friend on Facebook. He also assured the woman that he would soon come to India to meet her.
The man told Manpreet that he had sent her a gift from the UK, which she needed to collect from Customs by paying Rs 10 lakh. Later, the accused tricked the woman into paying the above-mentioned amount on the pretext of getting the gift released from Customs.
The police have registered a case, and an investigation into the matter is underway.


The Mumbai crime branch arrested a 31-year-old farmer with 16,000 fake currency notes worth Rs 80 lakh from suburban Powai on Monday. The crime branch seized nearly 16,000 notes of Rs 500 denomination from the possession of the farmer.
An official said, "The crime branch got a tip-off that a gang was active in circulating fake notes. A trap was laid and the accused was nabbed. Police seized 160 bundles of Rs 500 fake currency notes from him.As per the report, the accused farmer was looking for a way to become rich in a short time and hence he was indulging in this. It is being ascertained how many fake notes he circulated in the market.
The police arrested the accused under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), including forgery and planning. He has been remanded in police custody till January 4 by the court.
The investigation is currently underway.

An employee of a private company in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, allegedly siphoned off Rs 1.37 crore in cash and went absconding.
Instead of depositing the cash in the bank, the man allegedly ran away with the money. In the CCTV footage, the man was seen carrying the cash in a bag on a bike.As per the information, Bricks India Private Limited offers cash delivery services in Agra. The accused, Vivek, a resident of Sultanpura area, had been working with this company for the last four years, with the responsibility of carrying the cash to and from the bank.
On Tuesday evening, the company handed over Rs 1.37 crore in cash cash to Vivek which was to be deposited in the Bank of Baroda. He was accompanied by four security personnel. They left Vivek with the cash at the bank and returned to the company's office.
When Vivek did not return, the company tried to get in touch with him but could not reach his phone. After that, the company's manager, Shishupal, called the bank. On inquiry, it was found that he did not deposit the cash that day.After a complaint was registered with the Rakabganj police, CCTV videos were scanned.
DCP City, Vikas Kumar, told India Today that 10 police teams have been deployed to search for Vivek. “The help of the surveillance team is also being taken. CCTV cameras installed at places other than the bank are being scanned. Soon the accused will be arrested,” the DCP said. 


A 17-year-old girl was found dead in a pool of blood with her throat slit outside the house at Vadasserikonam in nearby Varkala in the early hours of Wednesday, police said. Hours after the incident, her friend Gopu (20) with whom the deceased girl was said to be in love for some time, was arrested by police officials.
According to police, the victim, Sangeetha, a college student, was suspected to have been called out of her house by the accused and allegedly attacked with a knife after midnight. Her family members and neighbours, who rushed to the spot at around 1.30 am when they heard the scream and commotion, found the girl lying in a pool of blood near the house.
Though she was taken to hospital by her relatives, she was declared dead by doctors. Police said Gopu was taken into custody based on the mobile phone details and other circumstantial evidence.
"The FIR is filed. The arrest of the accused will be registered soon. The exact reason can be ascertained only after a detailed interrogation," a police officer said.
Police suspected that the couple's strained relationship might have led to the crime and as of now, no more details can be divulged, he added. Sangeetha was the daughter of Sajeev and Shalini, residents of Sangeetha Nivas at Vadasserikonam in Varkala. She was a first-year degree student at Sree Sankara College.
